chore: add back authentication md (#347)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/authentication.md

```shell
❯ mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -P 4002 -u greptime_user -p
Enter password:
Welcome to the MySQL monitor.  Commands end with ; or \g.
Your MySQL connection id is 8
Server version: 5.1.10-alpha-msql-proxy Greptime

Copyright (c) 2000, 2023, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective
owners.

Type 'help;' or '\h' for help. Type '\c' to clear the current input statement.

mysql>
```

### Single user configuration

Like the example above, you can quickly set up a fixed single-user authentication configuration. We will use standalone mode for illustration from now on, but it works both in standalone mode and distributed mode.

```shell
./greptime standalone start --user-provider=static_user_provider:cmd:<username>=<password>
```

Replace `username` and `password` with your configured username and password, and it's done!

Single user configuartion is easy to setup and test, but it's not recommanded for any serious situations, for example, a production environment.

### Multi-user file configuration

> Often, one fixed user isn't really much of a help. GreptimeDB also supports passing in a file and loads all users listed within the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frequently, having only one specific user isn't particularly useful. GreptimeDB also allows for the input of a file which then loads all users listed within it.
```

```shell
./greptime standalone start --user-provider=static_user_provider:file:<path_to_file>
```

> GreptimeDB reads the user and password on each line using `=` as a separator, just like a command-line config. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB reads the username and password on each line using `=` as a separator, just like a command-line config. For example:
```
